# Suppress19

## Members

Oleksiy Omelchenko\
Wayland Li\
Carlos Viche\
Jonah Kulakofsky

## Running the application
To run the application make sure that you add it to the `apps` folder contained in your `Py4Web` folder structure. The process in which to run and see the contents of the our app run `python3 py4web.py run apps` while in the `Py4Web` base folder. After clicking enter for the previous command, there should be some comments stating that Py4Web's Tornado server has been started. Click on the link after the comment: `Dashboard is at: http://127.0.0.1:8000/_dashboard` where the link is what follows the colon.  

# History of our Project

## Why our group chose this project idea?
The group looked over the project ideas page on the Canvas page and one of the suggestions was the vaccine finder website. It was decided that making a website where information about various vaccine locations could be consolidated. The issue that our group saw with many vaccine websites is that you have to go to a specific pharmaceutical site in-order to find possible times, locations, and dates. This issue could become quite a nuisance having to go through multiple sites just to find a time and place that fit the user's schedule. 

## Why did we specifically choose a vaccine finder website?
As intriguing as other ideas were at first, making a vaccine website could have some practical use in the real world as it was difficult for some to find a vaccine. Oleksiy also originally had the idea of web scrapping websites to provide users with the information on all major pharmaceutical companies in the U.S. When the information would've been webscrapped and displayed to the users, users could enter their health information and our application would have autofilled the application for them. However, we soon learned that there are security vulnerabilities in doing this, and we had to go through 30+ pages for a single site just to webscrape & automate which reduced speeds greatly. 

# Workload Balance

## The beginning (Bulma & Basics of Py4Web)
We began by mapping out the design of the login, signup, and forgot password pages. Carlos was responsible for using Figma to draw out most of the designs for the application. Oleksiy began by writing the CSS and HTML code necessary for the login & forgot password page to look minimilistic and sleek. As Oleksiy was writing his HTML code, he incorporated aspects of Bulma's syntax. Later on SASS files were used to clean the login, signup, and forgot password pages as well. Jonah was responsible for making the navbar functioning and pretty on all pages. At this time in development, Jonah also began prototyping a favicon logo for the website. Jonah would later work on coding up the signup page also using Bulma, CSS, and HTML. Wayland began designing the layout of the content page where the vaccine locations are found now. Most of the group began working on their respective pages when Carlos finished designing the pages in Figma, so that everyone didn't have to worry about how the pages should look, but rather writing the code to mimic the design of Carlos's work. 

## The midpoint (Selenium (discontinued) & Py4Web) 
As some of the first pages started coming together, the group began shifting their focus to the content page and connecting the backend to the frontend on the webpages that were already written in Bulma. This was around the time that Oleksiy began researching ways in which information could be webscrapped from a dynamic webpage. Oleksiy came across [Selenium](https://selenium-python.readthedocs.io/) which made it quite easy to web scrape that information. Selenium also helped to automate the process of clicking buttons, entering user inputted information, etc. However, as a result of using Selenium on websites, such as [VaccineFinder](https://www.vaccines.gov/search/) his bot eventually got caught by the botnet used by the website. So he ended up using [Selenium-Stealth](https://github.com/diprajpatra/selenium-stealth) which helped avoid those botnets. Now back to the content page, Wayland continued designing the webpage and as currently Oleksiy didn't have any dynamic information and Vue.js wasn't taught yet, the page was made static with a couple boxes dedicated to imaginery pharmaceutical companies. Jonah was doing some restructuring currently on the login, signup, and forgot password pages since when connecting the backend of Py4Web to the front-end (currently just Bulma), we were quite limited in the appearance and functionality of various buttons. For example, we didn't have much choice in deciding the layout of the buttons on the signup, login, and forgot password pages. Also, in the case of the forgot password page, when the user clicked on the forgot password button, users would have to go manually click on a link to send themselves the forgot password link. Carlos around this time was finishing up his design of the various webpages and began creating a static reviews page. Carlos and Jonah worked on deciding what kind of database tables would exist and what information would need to be stored in them. Information regarding a users saved locations, reviews, and threads were the tables decided upon at the time.

## The end (Py4Web & Vue.js)
Towards the last couple of weeks was when we were first introduced to Vue.js. We ended up converting all our pages to Vue.js since we needed to ensure that they were dynamic. Jonah began work on converting the singup, login, forgot password, and home pages to Vue.js. Oleksiy worked on making information dynamic on the content page where after the user entered a zip code and selected a radius from a dropdown, users would be presented with many pharmaceutical locations within the radius the user chose. The information regarding those locations were obtained from an API called `CastLightHealth`, which sadly capped results at 50 locations. After Oleksiy finished up his work on the content page, Wayland made sure that the save/unsave functionality worked for each present location. To ensure that information was present across multiple pages, Wayland stored the saved information in a database called `saved_location`. The saved locations would be present on the profile page and reviews page. Jonah would go on to add a vertical and horizontal scrollbar feature to the contents page to prevent the page contents from going off screen. The group split up then where Wayland and Jonah mainly worked on the review page and Carlos and Oleksiy mainly worked on the profile page. Before Wayland and Jonah began work on the review page, Oleksiy made the information on top of the page dynamic where the location reflected that of which was clicked on previously in the content page. The review page would also contain dynamic images depending on the pharamacy. Once this work was completed, Wayland and Jonah would go to implement a place where users can leave reviews and threads to those reviews. The threads to the reviews made it so that users could contribute to the conversation by discussing with the reviewer. During the development of the reviews and threads, three additional database tables were created. The database tables included `review` to store relevant review information, `thread` for thread information, and `review_rating` for the ratings that users would leave. On the other side, Carlos worked on getting the profile page working with custom imported avatar images, made the page dynamic, and had the back button (not a custom button, but rather the browser back button) redirect to the previous page. Once Carlos finished his work there, Oleksiy implemented the Mapbox API by placing a map on the profile page and made it dynamic. The map would be dynamic in that the added saved locations would be visible on the map and the deleted ones would disappear without the need for reloading to occur. In-order for the map to not disappear, Oleksiy implemented the `map` database table. The `map` database table would only store the last known saved location, just to center the map on, but not actually make it visible as a map marker. Finally, Oleksiy moved several components of the page around to accomodate the size of the map. 